The purple sphere is to the left of the blue block.
A puce sphere is to the left of and a little in front of the green cube.
The purple object in the middle of the grey platform.
A purple sphere is located on the center of the gray ground, next to the left side of the green box.
The purple colored sphere is in the middle of the gray ground and on the left side of the green colored box.
The teal box is next to the purple sphere located on the grey square.
The purple sphere was added just to left of the prism.
The purple sphere was added down and to the left of the green cube. This new position is near the center of the plane.
There is now a magenta colored spherical object that is a little bit southwest of the prism
The purple spherical structure is located to the left of the old object and appears to be south of it too.
The purple sphere was added down and to the left of the blue cube.  The purple sphere is near the center of the plane.
There is a purple ball located in the center of the grey shape.
The object added is a polygon pretending to be a purple sphere. It also has a shadow, and is to the left of the teal object, also atop the long grey shape.
The purple sphere is close to me and to the left of the blue rectangle.
The violet ball is on the left side of the green cube.
The purple spherish thing is in front of and to the left of the blue cube.
The new image is the same as the old except there is a purple ball that is to the lower and to the left of the blue object.
A purple sphere was placed towards the center of the plane, southwest of the prism.
The sphere is next to the rectangular cube if you look at it diagonally. 
A purple spherical object was added to picture slightly southwest of the teal object.
A magenta sphere and a teal rectangular box are placed close to the center on the gray mat. There is a light source coming from the 5 o'clock direction. The sphere is larger than the box. I can see longtitude and latitude lines on the sphere. 
In the middle of the plane is a pink ball.
This purple cube-like object is in the middle of the picture and is apparently larger than the cyan box.
There is a purple sphere to the left of the teal brick.
A large pink sphere sits to the left of the box.
