The blue block is in the middle of the table.
The object is a green cube.
The blue object is at the left of the grey platform.
There is a green box over the gray ground, located around the top-right side and having a shadow to the left side. 
The green colored box is in the middle of the gray ground
The teal box in the middle right of a slanted grey square.
The prism looks like a small building that is located towards the top right of the surface
The green cube is in the top right region of the plane.
The object is a teal rectangular prism and it is on the north east side of a grey object
The turquoise object is on the right hand side of the platform. There is a light source shining from the right causing the shadow.
The blue cube is in the center of the top-right portion of the plane.
There is a blue-green box located just to the right and slightly above center of the grey shape.
Either a teal cube or a light teal hexagonal v and a dark teal rectangle sit atop what is either a long, flat grey cube or a grey pentagon/hexagon. A dark grey pentagonal shape, presumably a shadow, extends from the left side of the teal object.
The blue rectangular prism is just to the right of the middle of the plane.
The green object is located on the grey platform.
The blue cube is toward the back of the grey surface.
The turquoise object is on top of the gray object and more towards the right side. 
The teal rectangular prism is located in the north eastern hemisphere of a gray plane. A light is coming from the southeast causing the prisms shadow to appear northwest of it.
The rectangular cube is on the lower side of the given platform, near the visual point
The gray base appears to be a 3D five-sided object.  The teal object is a 3D rectangle that is placed near the northeastern most base area.
A teal rectangular box is sitting on a thick, gray, pentagon mat. The gray mat is huge, compared to the box. The box is placed at the center toward the right of the mat. There is a light source coming from the right side. 
In the middle of the right half of the plane is a teal rectangular prism.
The cyan box is in the right-middle of the photo.
There is a teal block on top of the gray surface.
A cyan skinny box sits towards the deformed side of the gray surface.
